_your zenodo badge here_

# Bhaduri-etal_2024_

**Paper Title**

Author 1<sup>1\*</sup> and Author 2<sup>1</sup>

<sup>1</sup> Department of Biological & Environmental Engineering, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, USA  
<sup>2</sup> Thayer School of Engineering, Darthmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire, USA  
<sup>3</sup> Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Richland, Washington, USA 

\* corresponding author:  pbb62@cornell.edu

## Abstract

_Insert your paper abstract._

## Journal reference
_Insert your paper reference. This can be a link to a preprint prior to publication. While in preparation, use a tentative author line and title._

## Code reference

References for each minted software release for all code involved.  

If [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/) has been linked to your GitHub repository, these are generated by Zenodo automatically when releasing Github code. The Zenodo references are built by setting the author order in order of contribution to the code using the author's GitHub user name.  This citation can, and likely should, be edited without altering the DOI.

If you have modified a codebase that is outside of a formal release, and the modifications are not planned on being merged back into a version, fork the parent repository and add a `.<shortname>` to the version number of the parent and construct your own name.  For example, `v1.2.5.hydro`.

_Example_: Human, I.M. (2021, April 14). Project/repo:v0.1.0 (Version v0.1.0). Zenodo. http://doi.org/some-doi-number/zenodo.7777777


## Data reference

References for all data used in your analysis. The specific version of the data should be archived, in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org) or elsewhere. The Cornell library has additional [information on data archiving resources](https://data.research.cornell.edu/content/sharing-and-archiving-data).

### Input data

Input data for Baltimore used during the CHANCE-C model simulations can be found under `model_inputs/` in the following Repository: 

_Example_: Human, I.M. (2021). My input dataset name [Data set]. DataHub. https://doi.org/some-doi-number

### Output data

Reference for each minted data source for your output data.  For example:

_Example_: Human, I.M. (2021). My output dataset name [Data set]. DataHub. https://doi.org/some-doi-number

## Dependencies

This code is based on Julia 1.7. Relevant dependencies are in the `Project.toml` and `Manifest.toml` files (the `Manifest.jl` specifies the particular versions; this file should be kept as-is for perfect reproducibility but may need to be deleted and rebuilt with `Pkg.instantiate()` for different Julia versions).

## Contributing modeling software

If your experiment used models from another repository, link to those repositories here.

| Model | Version | Repository Link | DOI |
|-------|---------|-----------------|-----|
| toy_model | - | https://github.com/parinbhaduri/flood-risk-abm |
| CHANCE_C | 1.1.0 | https://github.com/srikrishnan-lab/CHANCE_C.jl/tree/dynamic_FF | link to DOI of release |
| component 1 | version | link to code repository | link to DOI of release |

## How to reproduce the experiment

This section should consist of a walkthrough of how to reproduce your experiment. This should be a complete set of steps, starting from installing any necessary models and downloading data, and including which scripts to run for each piece of the experiment. If your code was written to work on a particular HPC environment (including the queue manager), document that here. If you had to manually make any adjustments that aren't captured by your code, document them here as well.

1. Install the software components required to conduct the experiment from [Contributing modeling software](#contributing-modeling-software)
2. Download and install the supporting input data required to conduct the experiment from [Input data](#input-data)
3. Run the following scripts in the `workflow` directory to run my experiment:

| Script Name | Description | How to Run |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `step_one.jl` | Script to run the first part of my experiment | `julia step_one.jl` |
| `step_two.jl` | Script to run the last part of my experiment | `julia step_two.jl` |

4. Download and unzip the output data from my experiment [Output data](#output-data)
5. Run the following scripts in the `workflow` directory to compare my outputs to those from the publication

| Script Name | Description | How to Run |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `compare_outputs.jl` | Script to compare my outputs to the original | `julia compare_outputs.jl` |

## Reproduce paper figures
1. Run the relevant simulations above or download the results from the `dataframes/` folder . The necessary files are for each plot script file   
2. Run the following scripts for each of the figures

| Figure | Script name | How to Run |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Figure 2 | `model_landscape.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure 3 | `plot_abm_ensemble.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure 4 | `plot_breach_shape.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure 5 | `SA_visualize.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure 6 | `plot_pop_growth` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure 7 | `tbd` | `tbd` |
| Figure 8 | `tbd` | `tbd` |
| Figure A1 | `RA_curves.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure A2 | `RA_curves.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure A3 | `breach_curves.jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure A4 | `generate_hindcast-jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |
| Figure A5 | `generate_hindcast-jl` | `julia generate_hindcast-jl` |

